[Music]
you okay yeah I'm good just a little
nervous
well you look very handsome I just don't
want to screw it up you know you have
been preparing for this meeting for six
months you've got this mask you guys a
question
daddy loves who me dad loves it exactly
that is gonna go make that bacon gross
[Music]
mr. Sawyer is your family enjoying this
day very much so
they're shocked you give us the entire
floor after you secure the assessment
what do you think of the building with
all due respect is glorified security
guard please the Pearl is the tallest
most advanced building in the world
you've built a vertical city but you've
brought with it every single safety and
security challenge that I could think of
we thought this flow was empty so today
not only have you brought them all
indoors but you've trapped them 240
floors in the air no one really knows
what would happen if things go wrong but
I'm just a glorified security guard so
what the hell do I know anyway what's
one on the 96 floors on fire you're
gonna be just fine I promise you that
[Music]
tell me how much do you love your family
if we're gonna get out of here you're
gonna have to tell me the truth there's
a reason they chose this building
[Music]
my family is the only thing that matters
to me right now
[Music]
you